docs: address getting started feedback (#4809)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/getting-started/azure/create-cluster-profile.md

**Cloud Type** allows you to choose the infrastructure provider with which this cluster profile is associated. Select
**Azure IaaS** and click on **Next**.

The **Profile Layers** step is where you specify the packs that compose the profile. There are four required
infrastructure packs and several optional add-on packs you can choose from. Every pack requires you to select the **Pack
Type**, **Registry**, and **Pack Name**.

For this tutorial, use the following packs. If there are differences between the latest version of a pack and the
version you select, a YAML editor will open. Click **Confirm Changes** to proceed.

| Pack Name                   | Version | Registry    | Layer            |
| --------------------------- | ------- | ----------- | ---------------- |
| Ubuntu                      | 22.4.x  | Public Repo | Operating System |
| Palette eXtended Kubernetes | 1.30.x  | Public Repo | Kubernetes       |
| Calico                      | 3.26.x  | Public Repo | Network          |
| Azure Disk                  | 1.28.x  | Public Repo | Storage          |

As you fill out the information for each layer, click on **Next Layer** to proceed to the next layer.

> Click on **Confirm** and then **Next** after you have completed filling out all the core layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on **Confirm** and then **Next** after you have completed selecting all the core layers.
```
